Director: 		Rusell (Australia)
Protagonist:		Matthew (US)
Protag's hacker friend:	Geraint (Welsh)
Angela:			Kimberly (US)
Bad guy:		Brian (UK)

SGO
Director: Cut! What a shit-show guys, focus on the god damned script please

S1SMM
Director: In this scene, you will infiltrate in the skycrapper where the big baddie is located, but when you finally get to his
office, he won't be there and you will be ambushed by many enemies in slow motion. Get ready to start!

S1D1
Chester: Hello there McCliché, this is Chester, your hacker friend, can you hear me?
McCliché: Loud and clear
Chester: I've hacked the security system of the building, your guy is in the last floor
McCliché: That asshole will pay for kidnapping my girl
Chester: His office is protected by a lock
McCliché: Can I open that god damned door with bullets?
Chester: No, you must find a key to open it
McCliché: I don't know where you are, but I will find you, and I will take you

S1D2
McCliché: This must be the key
Chester: Well done McCliché, now go to the office and finish that guy
McCliché: My next bullet has your name on it, bastard

S1D3
Director: Cut! That was a very good take, good job everyone!

S1DMBO
McCliché: This must be the bad guy's office
Chester: Affirmative McCliché, the key must be near
McCliché: When you go to hell, tell them I sent you



S2SMM
Director: In this scene, your hacker friend has located the bad guy's secret base in the desert. You have to enter the base
and find the bad guy to end him for good. Everybody, get ready to record.

S2D1
01 McCliché: Chester, I've infiltrated in the bad guy's secret base.
02 Chester: Good, my info says he's in there somewhere. Go kick his ass, McCliché!
03 McCliché: I'll beat his ass so hard that not even his momma will recognice him!

S2D2
04 Bad guy: Look at who has finally appeared! I was waiting for you, McCliché!
05 McCliché: Get your dirty hands outa my girl!
06 Bad guy: Now that you are here, I will kill you and then I will conquer the world! Mwahahaha!
07 McCliché: You wish, bitch.

S2D3
08 Bad guy: Noooooo! I'm dying! I curse you McCliché! I'm totally dead now and I won't return for a possible sequel. HUDSAHUGDAPFSJAPOUFF.
09 McCliché: Say hello to my mother when you arrive to hell.
10 Angela: Thank you for rescuing me McCliché!
11 McCliché: Let's get the heck out of here Angela.



S3SMM
Director: This is the final scene. After killing the bad guy and rescuing your girlfriend, you will have to escape from the
secret base before the self-destruction timer ends. Get ready, we're starting in one minute!

S3D1
01 Chester: McCliché, we have problems! The bad guy activated the self destruct button before dying! You have to get out of there quick!
02 McCliché: That son of a gun can't stop giving me headaches even after death!
03 Chester: Find a way out of there before the time goes off!

S3D2
04 Angela: We have done it, that's the exit door!
05 McCliché: We are free now!
06 Angela: Let's get married and have many kids!
07 McCliché: I can't wait for McCliché Jr to be born!
08 Angela: Muak muak muak. *kisses*
09 McCliché: Muak muak muak. *kisses*

